Update view-reports-for-atp.md (#2265)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/view-reports-for-atp.md

![This graphic shows Export as an option in the menu for the Malware view, right between Create Schedule, and Request Report.](../../media/tp-threatProtectStatRpt-BreakDownByExport.png)

> **Note**: The maximum number of entries that can be exported for **Phish** and **Malware** is just under 10000. If you export a view, only the most recent 10000 entries are exported. On the exported data, the 'message count' column represent the count of messages that hit the detection technology and policy type.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The maximum number of entries that can be exported for **Phish** and **Malware** is just under 10000. If you export a view, only the most recent 10000 entries are exported. On the exported data, the _message count_ column represents the number of messages detected by the detection technology and policy type.    
```
